alt text for images updated (#19408)
mdn/content: files/en-us/games/tutorials/touch_event_horizon/index.md

## The example game

> ![touch to start text type in blue font color](touch-to-start.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Box with the text touch to start](touch-to-start.png)
```

Author: Thanks so much for this

> ![two circular blue buttons placed side-by-side with each player's score above each button](tapping.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Two circles placed side-by-side, one bigger than the other. The size of the circle represents a player's score. The scores are written above each circle.](tapping.png)
```

Author: Thank you for the correction
